Fellow Journalists,

In a time where the acquisition of knowledge and information is free and instantaneous, the job of a journalist is essential. Fake and sensationalist news dominates the minds of readers, showing the common man a detrimental way of looking and thinking about society. At the same time, media sources are beginning to realise the power they hold as the Fourth Estate; the advocates of voices of the people. Over the last year, we have seen journalists rise in their journalistic standards, asking pertinent questions integral to ensuring the transparency that all of us as citizens of a democracy strive to achieve.

This year, the goal of the International Press Corps is to ensure the sustainability of the same transparency in the committees that take place. It is our prerogative to challenge nations where they stand, questioning their motives and moves to inspire productive debate, to suggest new avenues of perspective. With journalistic standards hanging in the balance all around the globe, it is also our duty to see that they are adhered to. The International Press Corps this year aims to instill the skill of producing qualitative, honest journalism which propagates truth, equality, and justice.

As Chairperson of the International Press Corps, aided by my Deputy Chairpersons Varchaswa Mukim and Anay Krishnan, I hope to not only mentally challenge each delegate, but also make you step out of your respective comfort zones. It is my personal prerogative to teach all delegates the intricacies of writing in a journalistic format, including the evolution of personal writing styles, and the presentation of events and arguments. To that end, we also wish to see and incorporate a visual element as integration of photographic journalism, achieved in tandem with the more conventional practices in journalism. All that you need are your ideas, your beliefs, and your creative fervor, and we can work to bring your abilities to fruition.

On a more personal note, no MUN experience would be complete without any relationship building opportunities. To begin with, writing has always been my passion, and I have been writing for numerous school publications for the last five years. I am currently an Editor of the Doon School Weekly; the flagship publication of the school and work as an Associate Editor for other publications. I also began my career in debating five years ago and am now House English Debating Captain. Besides being Editor, I write spoken word, prose-poetry and contemporary articles on a regular basis and have my own collection of poetry going back four years.

Aryaman Kakkar

## Agenda